Documentation page: mkdocs & GitHub pages (#449)
tweag/FawltyDeps: docs/usage.md

```

At any time, if you want to see where FawltyDeps is looking for Python code,
you can use the `--list-sources --detailed` options.

### Where to find declared dependencies

The `--deps` option tells FawltyDeps where to look for your project's declared
dependencies. A number of file formats are supported:

- `*requirements*.txt` and `*requirements*.in`
- `pyproject.toml` (following PEP 621 or Poetry conventions)
- `setup.py` (only limited support for simple files with a single `setup()`
  call and no computation involved for setting the `install_requires` and
  `extras_require` arguments)
- `setup.cfg`
- `pixi.toml`
- `environment.yml`

The `--deps` option accepts a space-separated list of files or directories.
Each file will be parsed for declared dependencies; each directory will
be searched, parsing all of the supported files (see the above list) found
within. You would typically want to pass individual files, if you want to
be explicit about where to find the declared dependencies.

If no `--deps` option is passed, FawltyDeps will look for the above files under
the `basepath`, if given, or the current directory (i.e. same as `--deps .`).

> ### How to match `import` statements with resolved dependencies 
> 
> When FawltyDeps looks for undeclared and unused dependencies, it needs to match
> `import` statements in your code with corresponding package dependencies
> declared in your project configuration. We support following options:
> 
> - `--pyenv`: Where to search for Python environments that have project dependencies installed. Dependency name is taken from the metadata of installed packages.
> - `--custom-mapping-files`: Files containing mapping of dependencies to imports defined by the user.
> - `--install-deps`: Allow FawltyDeps to auto-install declared dependencies into a separate temporary virtualenv to discover the imports they expose.
> 
> See [Explanation](./explanation.md) for more details.

Reviewer: The `--help` text provided for these options should be short (so as not to overwhelm the user), but on this page I think we have room to provide a little more detail explaining why/when to use each of these command-line options:

```suggestion
### How to match `import` statements with declared dependencies 

When FawltyDeps analyzes undeclared and unused dependencies, it needs to match
`import` statements in your code with corresponding package dependencies
declared in your project configuration. We support the following options to help this process:

- `--pyenv`: Where to search for Python environments (e.g. virtualenvs) that have project dependencies installed. Finding installed dependencies is the best way to correctly match import names  and declared dependencies. If this is not given, the project directories will be searched for Python environments.
- `--custom-mapping-file`: A TOML file containing mapping of dependencies to import names defined by the user. When provided, this mapping takes precedence over looking through installed packages for a match. This is a power user feature for when you want full control of how FawltyDeps matches import names and package names.
- `--install-deps`: Allow FawltyDeps to auto-install declared dependencies into a separate temporary virtualenv to discover the imports they expose. This is potentially expensive, but it allows FawltyDeps to provide a good analysis when there is no existing Python environment with project dependencies installed.

For more details about the process of matching `import` statements to declared dependencies, please see the [Resolving dependencies section in Explanation](./explanation.md#resolving-dependencies).
```
